In the last lecture, you learned how to configure an version three in lecture, you'll actually see
how you do it with a lab Damul.
So I've got my lab topology open here, you can see it's really simple.
I've got my Rohter are one which is got the S&P agent running on there.
It's got IP address 10 zero zero one, which is facing towards the S&P Monongah, which is my enmasse
server.
My S&P manager has got IP address handle one hundred Sunnism IP subnet, and that's actually the computer
that I'm working on right now.
So on my S&P manager, I've installed my S&P software on there.
I'm using the network monitor, which is well known and EMAC system.
You can use this yourself if you want to.
Israel, if you want to have a play about with it, there's a few where version of it.
Well, I've done so far as I've installed the software and then I've tried to connect to my right,
are it Tandoor or the other one via S&P to manage it?
And you can see that Vyse field.
I've got my error message here right now.
The reason is that I've not configured S&P on my router.
I'm going to be using S&P version three.
I haven't configured my S&P the username on the server here either.
So that's why it's feeling.
So let's get that set up.
So I will jump onto the right where you can see it right now.
You're the only configuration I've got on there as I've configured the IP address on the interface facing
towards the server.
So let's configure S&P version three.
So I do that Google config.
So the command is config T to get there and then I'll configure my S&P group first through the S&P commands.
Oh, start with S&P Dosch Server.
My right isn't actually an S&P servers and S&P S&P agent, but these are the that are going to communicate
with an S&P server to S&P dot server.
And I'm going to create my group.
I'll call the Squawk Box Dosch Group for my example.
I'm going to be running S&P version three and I'm just going to go with the default settings here where
I'm going to set a security level of off priv to the right.
You're on the right.
And the Annemasse system are going to authenticate with each other and the next system is going to have
will read only access to my right.
I'm not configuring any views or any access list or anything here at the group level.
So I hit Enter there and that is my S&P group for version three set up.
The other thing I need to do is to configure my user, which is going to be a member of this group and
it's the user.
It's also going to get configured on the S&P server.
So to do that, I start off with SCMP server again.
Now I'm configuring the user, the user name I'm going to use for this example is flat box the user,
then actually the group it's going to be a member of, which is the one I just created, which is flat
box the group.
Then I specify the S&P version three and then I need to configure my authentication settings.
So I start off with keyword of auth.
I'm going to use Char rather MP five authentication.
I'll use a password of of password in all caps and that's my authentication settings done.
Next, I need to configure my encryption settings.
That starts with priv for privacy.
I will use Ayesh 128 bit encryption and I'll use a password of priv password.
So done touch my S&P server group on my S&P server user configured on the router.
You can see I get a confirmation message.
They're seeing that it's being encrypted.
Next thing I need to do it, I need to configure matching settings over on my MP manager.
My server is well so let's jump back over there.
I will cancel out the old error message and go to my devices here.
Here's what I heard here.
And I need to advocate Ranchos.
So I'm going to do five subnet level for this example.
So I will click on the original and then go to the settings and scroll down here.
And I'm looking for the credentials for S&P devices.
Obviously, the way that you can figure this is going to be dependent on the.
Software that you're using for your S&P server, and that's not going to be tested on the Shishani exam,
I'm just using this as an example here.
So I'll go to the S&P credentials in default using version two.
We are using version three.
So I will select that for the authentication we'd configured to right to use QA authentication.
And the user is flac box dash user and the password was all caps off password.
The encryption type reconfigured was a eshe and the priv key was priv password duni.
It configure any contacts and I can see the defaults for everything else, so I will save now.
And then if I go back to the Rohter again and I'll try to advocate S&P Sancerre again so that it can
gather information from S&P.
So the essential types I'm looking for S&P traffic so that my server here can gather networking information
from right or via S&P.
I'll click on it.
Now, this is where it was feeling before when I didn't have matching credentials configured.
And now you can see that my Annemasse system has discovered that over it.
She's with four different five different interfaces on there.
And I could now go and complete the configuration and it would monitor the traffic going through that.
OK, so that's it.
That's how you configure S&P version three.
See you in the next lecture.